It's tea time again. You are welcome to join me around the table as we feast from God's Word.
100%. It is our prayer here at Amazing Grace Baptist Church that this podcast is
We'll teach, encourage, and admonish us ladies to be the wives and mothers that He has designed us to be.
May he overflow our cups today. Amen.
From his word.
Hello, my name is Marisa Hernandez.
My husband and I have been missionaries in Guatemala for 11 years now.
Um,
Miss Leslie,
Has asked me to share a little bit of my testimony
With you all today and
We are so thankful for the Barkers and Amazing Grace Baptist Church who have been one of our
Faithful supporters for many many years
And it's an honor to be asked by her to share a little bit of my personal testimony.
And, um,
Just all that the lord has
I've done through that testimony and I'm
What he continues to do in my life.
So
My husband and I have been married 15 years now.
We got married back in 2009.
And
Um,
We waited about two years before we decided to start trying for a family.
And
When we started trying I'm sure everybody kind of just expects
To get pregnant like the first month and that's what
I was expecting but the Lord had other plans and that wasn't his will for us and
A few months went by we're like okay well
Not sure you know what's going on maybe it's just going to take us a little bit longer
Then months turned into years and
Six years we tried, we were trying, and
It was a difficult time. We went through all the emotions.
Excitement of
Of starting a family to
Sadness, sadness,
Even
Anger to be honest
For me,
anyway.
What was hard was
Just
Not understanding God's will
And wanting it to happen right away.
And
It just took me it took me time to realize that
Um,
That it just wasn't his will for that time in our lives.
And as I look back now,
While we were on deputation and just had a lot going on in our lives,
We really...
We needed that time to grow as a couple in our marriage and to
Moving on the mission field, it was tough.
And I look back now and I'm like, "That would have been really hard with a little..."
With a little baby or babies
But the Lord knew. He knew that...
When it would be the perfect time for us.
And, um,
I remember during those six years
Being happy for friends and family that would come up pregnant, but
So distraught over the news as well as I was just wishing it was me so badly.
And that was really, really hard.
Um,
I know one time we got
word that my husband's cousin had.
Gotten pregnant.
A few times and was having
Abortions.
And that
made me so upset and so angry and I was and then she's not a Christian she's not safe she doesn't know Christ but
I remember feeling so angry and thinking,
You know, she, here she is getting pregnant all the time like this. And then she's just,
Killing her baby and just I just don't get it and why not me I we want to hear we are we want to baby so bad and To love and to raise for Christ
Christ.
Why why not us Lord and I remember so many times in my flesh questioning God and I
Not knowing. And just in the moment.
That um
He had big plans for us in the future.
But it was just, it was so hard.
Um,
I felt like in that moment like
All my friends were getting pregnant. Everybody was getting pregnant except us.
And, um,
You know, honestly, I would have...
My pity parties. My moments of woe is me and it's never going to happen.
And then I remember my husband and I
roof
Like, I finally just gave it to the Lord after so many years of...
Just feeling hurt or angry.
Finally, finally,
I gave it to the Lord and when I did I had so much peace and
Um,
And not as much stress about trying for a baby and we were like you know what
If it's the Lord's will, it will happen.
And if not,
We're just going to try to enjoy
life,
And our crazy life on the mission field that keeps us so busy.
And then have time to just
Maybe do some more travels that we wouldn't be able to do if we had a family and you know we started thinking that way.
And then the Lord started
Putting in our thoughts possibly adoption.
And...
At first
I was just like, "Oh, I don't know about that. I would love..."
A baby but
my own and then I wasn't thinking and then I started thinking
If I adopted a baby, that baby would be my own. And so then I started getting excited about the thought of adoption.
And um
We thought the Lord was opening doors on two separate occasions.
of adoption and the one we actually went to Mexico.
And, um,
It was a family member that had a baby that they were wanting to give up for adoption.
And we just prayed about it and
We were having peace about it and i went and bought clothes and the baby had no birth certificate no name we were going to be able to
able to name this baby, he was going to be a good friend.
Rs.
And...
We travel, we drove all the way from
I believe it was George at the time.
or Alabama, with so many, with so many states, but um,
We drove all the way to Mexico, North Mexico, and really thought that this was going to happen.
and I got to see the baby, I got to hold him, I got to take care of him for a week.
Um,
I just
Really like immediately my heart was all in.
And
Then we'll close the door before we could
Even prepare to
Sign paperwork,
And head back to the states the
The mother changed her mind.
And decided that she didn't want to
Give him up so
Oh my heart was so broken and thinking okay this is this is gonna happen I'm finally gonna be a mom this has been my long
life long desire since I was a little girl playing house with my sisters I'm finally gonna be a mom
Um,
And
Nope, that wasn't Liz, we'll either. And then I'm crushed again and...
I'm like okay or what
I will be done oh but this is so hard and um
I remember that long trip home was so, so hard for my husband and I.
That we were willing
And, um,
And I know that, please the Lord.
As hard as it was and then
Another opportunity came up months later.
Possibly adopting
Siblings.
And we were really
Open to it and again from Mexico no relation, but we
We were praying about it.
And
In that time
Of
Praying about it,
The Lord just kept putting these two verses specifically
to my attention and the one was Psalm 46:10 be still and know that I am God I will be exalted among the heathen I will be exalted
And just those first two words, simple words, be still.
That just really carried me through
Those six years,
Of struggles.
With what the Lord's will would be done in our lives.
Concerning the family and
It's just that
And just those two words really helped me get through those hard days and those hard times.
moments where I was just really emotional about it.
Just be still, be still and
Um,
And another verse is also in Psalm.
Psalm 27:14
"'Wait on the Lord, be of good courage, "'and he shall strengthen thine heart.'"
Wait, I say, on the Lord.
That verse also really spoke to me during those times and
as hard as it was to hear those words and read those words I knew that's what I had to do I just had to continue waiting
E-waving and praying and giving it to the Lord daily.
And um
And I do feel like he did strengthen me.
Um,
my faith during that time. I do feel like I got closer to him through that time, as hard as it was.
And my husband, he would preach
Um,
Message as well during those times on
God has an answer.
God always has an answer.
And it's yes no no
or
You know, not right now.
And
You know, sometimes you do have to just wait.
But
God always has an answer and eat and it might not be what we want to hear.
it might be no and I had to come to terms that I might never
Be able to
Give birth
Or
Or be a mama?
But
Then I just started
Thinking
Accepting that.
And that really
really helped helped me and it helped change my mindset of the whole situation and then I was able to look at other ways that I could
Um,
Be a mother figure
To maybe the children Guatemala or
To
Um,
Those
They need
Of a mother figure in their life.
And even just for the Lord to use my testimony, that's been my prayer that the Lord can
Use my testimony for his good and to maybe help somebody who who may be struggling or going through the same thing
Um,
So for six years, I
We just prayed and prayed and prayed.
And, um,
And in those six years, I knew there were alternatives that could maybe help me get pregnant, fertility treatments.
I went to the doctor. I was diagnosed with PCOS.
And so I knew that it would be
Really really hard for me to get pregnant
Um,
And we just didn't have peace with treatments at the time.
Well, after six years of much prayer,
And heartache.
We finally had peace and the Lord just opened up every single door.
For me to try
A fertility treatment
And
I'm...
Took it and
I did not expect anything to come of it because of my, um,
Many years of struggles
And, um,
The Lord opened those doors and
Allowed us to conceive for the first time
And
I...
I look forward to sharing that in the future in another podcast episode.
Um,
But that was
That was another valley that we were about to enter.
One of the darkest valleys that I've ever faced in my life.
and had no idea what was coming ahead. But he did and it's always in his plans and
And
I, uh,
I'm thankful
For
The short months that he did allow me to carry not just one but two babies through that treatment
And, um,
But it was
It was his will
to after five months to take those babies home. But like I said, I'll share more about that.
In a in a future podcast, but
If you are struggling
Today
And
Questioning the same as I did. Why?
Um,
You know, all the questions.
Um, just know that you're not alone.
And just
Always just be still wait on the Lord
And
Be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart.
And that's my prayer for you today who may be experiencing
The same thing, the struggles of barrenness and
I will surely be praying for you, for all of you that are listening to this and just know that it's always in God's timing and He has
He has a big plan for you. May God bless you. Thank you.